Secrets support (#7)
canonical/smtp-integrator-operator: README.md

This charm simplifies configuration of SMTP client by providing a single point
of configuration for all the requirers using the same SMTP server. It can be
deployed on many different Kubernetes platforms, from [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io)
to [Charmed Kubernetes](https://ubuntu.com/kubernetes), public cloud Kubernetes
offerings and virtual machines or bare metal.

As such, the charm makes it easy to manage and propagate SMTP configuration, while
giving the freedom to deploy on the substrate of their choice.

For DevOps or SRE teams this charm will make operating any charm requiring SMTP
authentication simple and straightforward through Juju's clean interface.

## Project and community

The SMTP Integrator Operator is a member of the Ubuntu family. It's an open source
project that warmly welcomes community projects, contributions, suggestions,
fixes and constructive feedback.
* [Code of conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
* [Get support](https://discourse.charmhub.io/)
* [Join our online chat](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev)
* [Contribute](https://charmhub.io/indico/docs/how-to-contribute)

> Thinking about using the Indico Operator for your next project? [Get in touch](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev)!

Reviewer: `s/indico/smtp-integrator`

> Thinking about using the Indico Operator for your next project? [Get in touch](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thinking about using the SMTP Integrator Operator for your next project? [Get in touch](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev)!
```
